docs(KNO-14128): document KnockProvider enabled prop and useKnockAuthState (#1536)
knocklabs/docs: content/in-app-ui/expo/sdk/reference.mdx

  />
</Attributes>

#### Deferring activity with `enabled`

`KnockProvider` takes an `enabled` prop that defaults to `true`. When it's `false`, the provider still renders its children, but the Knock client sits idle: it doesn't identify the user, make any API requests, or open a websocket. Set it back to `true` and the client connects like a login; set it to `false` again and it disconnects and clears its data like a logout.

This is the recommended way to gate the provider on a complete identity — for example, an enhanced-security user token that isn't ready on the first render — rather than mounting and unmounting `KnockProvider` as that identity changes:

```jsx
<KnockProvider
  apiKey={process.env.KNOCK_PUBLIC_API_KEY}
  user={{ id: userId }}
  userToken={userToken}
  enabled={Boolean(userId && userToken)}
>
  {/* ... */}
</KnockProvider>
```

> Auto push-notification registration also waits for `enabled` to become `true`, so a logged-out user isn't shown the OS permission prompt until sign-in completes (the prompt is deferred, not skipped). When `enabled` becomes `true`, feed components remount and reload their data. To react to these transitions in your own components, use the [`useKnockAuthState`](#useknockauthstate) hook.

Reviewer: To me this leans a bit too far into the "logging in" metaphor for the client authentication. I wonder if this would be better:

```suggestion
Auto push-notification registration also waits for `enabled` to become `true`, so a user isn't shown the OS permission prompt until client authentication completes. When `enabled` becomes `true`, feed components remount and reload their data. To react to these transitions in your own components, use the [`useKnockAuthState`](#useknockauthstate) hook.
```

This might help avoid confusion between logged-in state _in the customer app_ vs. the Knock client.

Also recommend cutting the parenthetical, it feels superfluous.

Author: Applied in `33607015`.

  <Attribute
    name="autoRegister"
    type="boolean"

>     description="When true, the Expo provider retrieves a push token from Expo and stores it as channel data on the user. Registration waits until the client is authenticated, so a logged-out user isn't shown the OS permission prompt until sign-in completes."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description="When true, the Expo provider retrieves a push token from Expo and stores it as channel data on the user. Registration waits until the client is authenticated, so a user isn't shown the OS permission prompt until sign-in completes."
```

Author: Applied in `33607015`.

};
```

### `useKnockAuthState`

Subscribes to a `Knock` client's authentication state, re-rendering when the user signs in, signs out, or switches. Use it to react to the [`enabled` prop on `KnockProvider`](#knockprovider) flipping between states.

**Returns**: `KnockAuthState`

> <Attributes>
>   <Attribute
>     name="status"
>     type="'authenticated' | 'unauthenticated'"
>     description="Whether a user is signed in to the client."
>   />
>   <Attribute
>     name="userId"
>     type="string | undefined | null"
>     description="The ID of the signed-in user, or `undefined` when no user is authenticated."
>   />
>   <Attribute
>     name="userToken"
>     type="string | undefined"
>     description="The user token in use for the signed-in user, when one was provided."
>   />
> </Attributes>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Attributes>
  <Attribute
    name="status"
    type="'authenticated' | 'unauthenticated'"
    description="Whether a user is authenticated to the client."
  />
  <Attribute
    name="userId"
    type="string | undefined | null"
    description="The ID of the authenticated user, or `undefined` when no user is authenticated."
  />
  <Attribute
    name="userToken"
    type="string | undefined"
    description="The user token in use for the authenticated user, when one was provided."
  />
</Attributes>
```
nit in the same vein as feedback above, fine to leave as-is

Author: Applied in `33607015`.
